# Learning Log

## 🤔 Discovery of the Day
Testing wins again. 

In writing auth test cases for my ConversationsHandler Integration testing, I realized that there is a lot of oportunity to tighten down the use of context and how authorization is being performed. 

### ✅ Learnings
1. When originally writing my middleware, I accounted for the absence of auth headers for `api/users` and `api/auth/login` using a very flaky if/else checking for the existance of a token, and if a token didn't exist, passing the token as a blank string, to allow for user creation and logging in cases. 

2. I see now that what I should actually do is parse out the `api/users` and `api/auth/login` endpoints, making them public endpoints, vs the private endpoints requiring a token. 

3. This will mean that the middleware/context always expect a token, removing the need for any flimsy, unscalable logic checking the endpoint being called, etc . . . 

4. In my current state, you can send a call, absent of header+token, to `api/conversation`, and it will hit the handler/service/repo and incorrectly returns a 400 instead of the expected 401. 

5. Finally, not fully understanding how Context worked in Go, I originally overloaded it with body params, causing unecessary additional router handling within the context itself. Context should only be used for cross layer/handler needs, not for simple body/path params: https://go.dev/blog/context 

### 🔁 TODO
- Remove middleware wrapper for `api/users` and `api/auth/login`, making them public endpoints. 
- Remmove the unecessary `middleware.VerifyToken()` call inside `InterviewsHandler`, and rely instead on middleware to validate and return the userID via `context.Value()`
- Refactor auth/token verification logic inside `context.go`. 
- Refactor `UsersHandler` and `LoginHandler` to pull params directly from reqbody
- Refactor `GET user` endpoint routing to account for being private. Set up `GetUserHandler` and private route.  
- Clean up overloading/misuse of Context in context.go. 

