# Learning Log

## 🤔 Discovery of the Day
Sections of the code could be much cleaner. I had put this off in favor of functionality, but now that testing has me reviewing the code base again, I am trying to 
make sure the code is clean as possible and follows Go conventions. 

### ✅ Learnings
1. https://go.dev/doc/modules/layout
"Larger packages or commands may benefit from splitting off some functionality into supporting packages. Initially, it’s recommended placing such packages into a directory named internal; this prevents other modules from depending on packages we don’t necessarily want to expose and support for external uses. Since other projects cannot import code from our internal directory, we’re free to refactor its API and generally move things around without breaking external users. The project structure for a package is thus:
```
project-root-directory/
  internal/
    auth/
      auth.go
      auth_test.go
    hash/
      hash.go
      hash_test.go
  go.mod
  modname.go
  modname_test.go
```
"

2. https://github.com/golang-standards/project-layout#cmd
"The directory name for each application should match the name of the executable you want to have (e.g., /cmd/myapp).

Don't put a lot of code in the application directory. If you think the code can be imported and used in other projects, then it should live in the /pkg directory. If the code is not reusable or if you don't want others to reuse it, put that code in the /internal directory. You'll be surprised what others will do, so be explicit about your intentions!"

### 🔁 TODO
- Restructure project according to the above linked standards. 
- Separate concerns of creating a conversation and appending a conversation into their own routes/handlers to avoid unecessary conversation exists logic in the handlers. 