# Learning Log

## 🤔 Discovery of the Day
In starting to write my integration test cases for `AppendConversationsHandler()`, my mock responses risk bloating the code and violating the DRY prinicple. As a result, 
I need a factory to produce the encapsulate the otherwise complex structure of the `ConversationMocks` and make it easily generated for the first and any additional `AppendConversationsHandler()` tests. 
- Reduces clutter
- Makes the intent of the test clearer
- Makes onboarding easier (even for future you)

Also, I now have a better understanding the Go conventional pattern of NewX() for struct instantiation/default param settings, which is very similar to OOP's `__init__` method, in that it sets field values on creation of the struct, much like you would an object in a class. 

### ✅ Learnings
1. Factory vs. Helper
A helper is a generic utility function that makes your test code cleaner or DRY-er. It doesn’t necessarily create whole objects, and it’s usually procedural.
A factory is a specific kind of helper that is responsible for building full test objects or data structures — often with sensible defaults and optional overrides. Simulates domain state. 

2. Is this worth my time, even if I'm only going to test the `AppendConversationsHandler()` once? 
Yes! Signals higher-level thinking, antipating future complexity, test mantainability, and caring about structure vs. just making it work. 
Reduces clutter and makes intent clearer and reduces risks of mistakes as a result of bloated code. 
It is intentional design and expressive 

3. Also, factories/builders allow modification of the same instantiation as needed, as in the case of `AppendConversationsHandler()`, which avoids unecessary memory/time complexity and cleaner code. 

### 🔁 TODO
- Build the factory for mock conversation responses.