# Learning Log

## 🤔 Discovery of the Day
Integration tests are forcing me to review my code carefully, which is leading to discovery of oversights from early on in development, due to either naivete 
or rushing to base functionality. 

### ✅ Learnings
1. Found uneccessary param, questionNumber, being passed into conversation.CreateConversation() in the ConversationsHandler(). Since it's actually a constant, it was
just being hardcoded in. As a result, I removed the param and wrote a const variable, along with topicNumber for the same hardcoding reason through the func. 

2. In needing to write another mock chatGPT response, I'm realizing that I also need to abstract the current interview GetChatGPTResponse method, likely to its own package so that CreateConversations() and AppendConversations() in the conversations package can also access it to both to be able to continue to mock chatGPT responses for my integration tests AND also because the redundancy of the function in both the interview package and the conversation package is just gross and inefficient. ^_^

However, I currently already have a models package, where the ChatgptResponse struct lives that models the response we get back from OpenAI. I'm thinking I need to get rid of that models package and replace it with a ChatGPT package that could then have its own model and service and interface files. The model file would house the current ChatGPTResponse struct as well as the OpenAIClient struct and AIClient interface currently housed in interview/models. Then I would just import that package and use the resulting method inside the interview package and the two times in the conversation package.


### 🔁 TODO
- Rewrite the current models package to be a chatgpt package instead
- Add files model.go, service.go to the package. 
- Search for previous models package imports and replace with chatgpt import instead. 
- Implement the interface for conversation.CreateConversation() and conversation.AppendConversation() 
- Continue writing the UserHandlers() integration tests. 